If this story is used give credit to barthdry
Full Story 
While Doraemon was made in matsushiba factory he was stuck with 
electric current and Hitlemon was stuck by ultraviolet radiation
which is used to paint but it was overdosed and he wasn't painted. But toasted in hit into blackish color which they didn't fix. It only didn't change his color but also his general behaviour. He got very sensitive. Then they disposed him(along with doraemon.) into factory broken/damaged robot section.However doraemon got rescued by his girlfriend. He said he can lead his life but they said you are a defect and was about to through him into the furnace to recycle. Then He decided that he will not get any Kindness or goodness from anyone else and attacked the factory peoples and escaped he then became aggresive. Doraemon told for him to be a friend but he replied "You didn't help me then why should i become your friend." Doraemon Asked sorry but he didn't care.

Later Many Co - Robots were worried and asked principal to add
 him to school. He was in same school as doraemon.
 He performed Poor in each robot test but however he survived 
but he was not treated as others and poweremon and others made 
fun of him calling him rustemon. He got very angry and went to 
fight with them but he was stopped. However finally he was
 given his certification and given his 4 dimensional pocket 
and some gadgets as gift. Somehow some bad guys 
used his weakness and turned him bad by saying that how much 
other robot humiliated him and so on.

He Attacked those who tried to help them after and doesn't stay
with everyone. He then putted many harmful gadgets and explosive
 to burst things. He has attacked the Base of humans in Mars and
 Other Planets. But later when he attacked the earth,
 Doraemon Made him understand about it and made him good.
 After that police patrol came and left him.
 Then they said All the Doraemons to Behave and stop making fun
 of him and treat him normally. After he was treated normally by
 others. He was Happy and become kinder and better then others

Characters
Doraemon
Sabashi (Little time to only letting doraemon to go)
Hitlemon
Poweremon
Alie Doraemons